Minato and Mikoto
Why don't you call him "big brother"?
What do you mean?
Mikoto in Class 2.
He's your brother, right?
Why don't you call him that?
No way!
We're the same age.
He's the same grade, only he was
born 11 months earlier than you.
It doesn't change
the fact he's your big brother.
Okay, so,
if I call him big brother,
then you have to call him senpai.
What?
Hey there!
What are you two arguing about?
Hurry up and come have lunch!
Want to eat outside?
The weather's very nice.
That sounds good! Let's get...
What's wrong?
I forgot my lunch...
Uh oh...
That sucks...
You'll miss out...
You forget things pretty often...
Yuzuki!
Your big brother is here.
You forgot this.
My lunch!
Sorry, I wanted to bring it to you earlier.
Your brother is always so considerate.
Aren't you going to thank him, Minato?
I was getting to it!
It's just, you beat me to it!
By the way, we're going outside to eat.
Do you want to come with us, Mikoto-paisen?
Paisen...?
Sure.
Are you sure?
I-I don't care, it's up to you!
Great, let's go, let's go!
Why are you so nice to Minato?
-Pass the ball!
He's so prickly with you.
He doesn't call you his big brother...
So I'm just curious.
I'm an only child,
so I don't really get it.
Is that just how it is between brothers?
I didn’t like Minato this
much in the beginning.
I was the youngest kid
in the family for only 11 months.
Once I started becoming aware of things,
everything was already revolving around Minato.
Minato, you've only returned from kindergarten
for two minutes!
Don't do that!
Stop laughing.
You used crayon to draw this...
It's not going to come off!
Mikoto, mommy needs to clean this up...
Go bring your stuff into the house.
Don't forget Minato's too.
Okay.
Cut it out, Minato!
Minato was a rowdy prankster.
Our parents couldn't take their eyes off him.
The teacher gave me full marks
on my kindergarten printout today.
I want to show it to mom...
But she seems busy right now.
I'll show her later.
Minato, it'll be okay.
We'll be at the hospital soon, okay.
I brought the car around. Let's go.
Hayato, take care of things here, okay?
Okay.
Minato was born earlier than expected.
It could have been his smaller size...
He's usually so lively for his size...
But he was frail and often
sick with high fevers.
Our parents spend all their energy on him.
It'll be okay.
Let's take a bath and wait for them.
Okay.
Mikoto, what's that you're holding?
Oh, wow!
You're writing now!
It's only hiragana...
But the other kids also know how to write...
I don't think they're writing this nicely!
This is nicer than my handwriting!
You doing great, Mikoto!
Hayato is almost twelve years older
than me and in high school.
He wasn't home often
due to his schoolwork and clubs, but...
he meant a lot to me at that time.
You write so well, Mikoto!
You're good at painting too!
Your must be very good with your hands!
I'll show it to mom this time...
Minato!
Did you do this?
It wasn't me.
Liar!
Why are your hands covered in crayon?
I wanted to show it to mom!
Leave me alone!
Minato!
What happened?
Minato! How'd you get that bump?
Mikoto pushed me!
Minato, why did you do that?
Because he...
You are his big brother,
you should know better!
I should take him to the hospital.
I'm...not his big brother.
[I'm not his big brother]
Welcome back, Hayato.
Can you look after the house?
We're the same age.
-What's wrong?
-Minato got into a fight with Mikoto
and his head got bumped.
We're in the same kindergarten class.
-Minato got into a fight with Mikoto
and his head got bumped.
Why do I have to be his older brother?
Why am I the one who
always has to be patient?
Mikoto, I heard you had a fight with Minato.
What happened--
-Ow!
Are you okay?
You bumped your head, huh.
Why didn't you say you got hurt?
Is it that painful?
Should we go to the hospital?
I'm fine, it's not that...
If Minato wasn't born early...
if he was much younger than me...
Would I be a good
big brother to him like Hayato is?
Mikoto, wait here a moment.
This is for you.
A toy?
I just got it from the supermarket.
There's only one,
so you have to keep it a secret!
I'm not sure what it is,
so I want you to have it.
Just for me?
Yup, just for you!
Thank you, Hayato.
Just for me.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Liar. You just hid something!
I did not.
Yes, you did!
Minato!
Minato, come here!
Because it's a secret.
It's mine and mine alone.
Minato?
Don't touch that!
It's all your fault! You ran at me...
Hayato got it just for me...
Mom, Minato, he...!
Mom...!
You are his big brother,
you should know better!
Why?
Why do you always take the things I like...
and take them away or destroy them...!
I hate you!
It would be better if you were never born!
Minato, did Mikoto leave just now?
What's wrong?
See you tomorrow.
Mikoto.
You're still out here? Let's go home.
I'm not going home.
I said something really bad to Minato.
I can't be his big brother.
I can't treat Minato like you treat me.
Whenever Minato takes something
important from me or destroys it...
I always get so angry.
Anyone would be upset.
But you never get angry at me...
That's because you never
do anything that makes me angry.
I don't want to do anything
that will make you angry.
But Minato is not like that.
He must hate me.
I am twelve years older than you...
I really only think that you're a cute kid...
Or maybe I should say,
you're like a grandson?
But there not much of
an age gap between you and Minato.
So maybe you can't think of him like that...
But he's still your little brother.
Even if you are the same age
or your handwriting is better than his...
You're the big brother...
You learn everything before Minato does.
And that might irritate Minato.
But I'm also sure...
it's because he admires you a lot.
He likes you very much.
That’s why he wants
to do everything like you...
even if he can't,
or doesn't know what to do...
That's why he's like that towards you.
Really?
Minato wants to be like me?
I think so.
You said so yourself.
You're not like me.
Let's go home. It's time for dinner.
Welcome back!
Oh, and Hayato!
Dinner is ready.
Minato said he wasn't feeling well
and didn't want to eat.
I hope he's okay...
Are you alright?
I'm sorry for saying what I did...
I'm sorry...
I tried everything to fix it...
It's okay...
If I'm as nice to him as Hayato is to me...
Both of you got full marks.
You did so good!
Listen! Mikoto taught me how to do it!
Is that so?
You're such a good big brother.
Becoming a big brother to him...
I saw how cute Mikoto was.
You asked why I'm so gentle to Minato...
Do I even need to say it?
It's because because he's my little brother.
Fair enough.
It's hard for an only child
to understand what it's like.
I also know...
the more prickly he is...
the more I know how much he likes me.
It makes him even more cute.
It was then that Nikaido thought of
Son Goku and the Buddha.
Hey you guys!
Get your butts over here!
Mikoto-paisen...
No, Gautama Buddha...
What?
(Incidental Knowledge Corner)
Hello everyone, I am Ladybug!
I'm Kuwacchi!
Today, the Incidental
Knowledge Corner will start!
We'll give you fun facts on
"The Four Brothers of the Yuzuki Family"
in a boom-boom, bang-bang, crick-crack way!
It'll all be incidental!
But all these facts--
(sharp eyes)
are factual!
Yes, my lady!
This program was made
with many ideas in mind!
Let’s introduce the
brothers favorite colors!
Hayoto likes navy blue.
Who is that?
Mikoto like blue tones.
What is a tone?
Minato likes warm colors
like yellow and pink.
That's such a large range...!
Gakuto likes green.
Is that on purpose?!
And might I add, me thinks Uta likes yellow!
Don't talk like that.
That’s it for today!
Great!
(Bye-bye)
Bye-bye!